Use worst case method for MKI / KI (#34)
ccao-data/assesspy: docs/source/quintos_sample_with_tiebreaks.rst

================================

> Sample data from Quintos studies Modified with Tiebreaks

Reviewer: **[Suggestion, optional]** Slightly clearer:

```suggestion
Sample data from Quintos studies, modified to test sort order tiebreaks
```
